I don't have the habit of white horse heads.
If they want to deal with
Just let them deal with it.
Go there first
Hey brother, what really happened?
But don't blame me for not reminding you, haha.
Asako
Is there anything new in Bianzhou City recently?
Lord Hu
We have a new rich boy in Bianzhou City
It's very generous
I came to the restaurant where Bi Fusheng played
Every month.
Give him back 2,000 taels of silver
Then why hasn't he contacted our people yet?
king
When I came to Bianzhou City, I dared not to run a pier
Didn't Bi Fusheng tell him?
Hu Daren Bi Fusheng is asking to see you outside the door
Say Cao Cao, Cao Cao will come in
Oh my lord
Grass people and floating life greet adults, hahaha
Boss Bi, please get up
Hahahaha
Bifson
What's the matter with you coming to the door in the middle of the night?
I heard that
It seems that a noble son has taken over your restaurant.
It's the adults who are so well-informed
Well, then why didn't he come to the pier?
Didn't you tell him?
Wronged, my lord
The grass-roots people came for this
Caomin told him to go to the pier
But he said he didn't have the habit
I want adults to be brave enough to deal with him
How dare a small businessperson be so arrogant
You can go there tomorrow and catch him for me.
My lord wants to interrogate him himself, is that hey?